README.md, before:

<img width="2727" height="978" alt="KinemiumFull" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1792beb7-d877-453d-ab3f-2d86cd434239" />

[<img width="50" height="50" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/83c3a863-d290-487f-b073-fed9caa6832f" />
](https://discord.gg/7byuxfYtAP)
## Introduction
Kinemium Engine is an engine (duh) that imitates roblox's API Surface, this means you can develop roblox-style syntax in this engine and it will work normally!<br>
It was originally to test zune's capabilities on raylib, but now, it has expanded to a full on independent engine.

# Features
## Datatypes
- Axes
- BoundingBox
- BrickColor
- CFrame
- Color3
- Color4
- ColorSequence
- ColorSequenceKeypoint
- CustomPhysicalProperties
- NumberSequence
- NumberSequenceKeypoint
- Random
- Ray
- Region
- Spring
- UDim
- UDim2
- Vector2
- Vector3
- Enum
- Faces / NormalId
- Rect / Region3

## Core Services
- Debris
- GuiSelectionService
- HttpService
- Lighting
- LogService
- Players
- ReplicatedStorage
- RunService
- Selection
- ServerScriptService
- ServerStorage
- StarterGui
- TweenService
- UserInputService
- Workspace

## Kinemium Custom Services
*(All custom services start with Kinemium.)*
- KinemiumFFI
- KinemiumFontService
- KinemiumIconLoader
- KinemiumModService
- KinemiumPhysicsService
- KinemiumRaylib
- KinemiumShaderService

# That's cool.. But how do I use this?
Fortunately theres a tutorial:

- Clone the repo:
```git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/Qquaded/Kinemium-Engine.git```

- Get zune *(skip this step if you have it already installed.)*<br>
https://zune.sh/guides/install

- Run the engine<br>
```zune run game```<br>
*This tutorial works with Windows only. Linux support is coming soon.*

# How do I add scripts?
Once you clone the github repo, you will find a folder called ```sandboxed``` inside the engine *(src)*<br>
There are a set of predefined scripts in there as examples, but you can change any of them.

# Can I make my games have modding support?
Yes! there is a modding service called KinemiumModService (said up there)<br>
This lets you add mods to your game, and you can set the enviroment of your said mods!

# How do I spell Kinemium?
Ki-nem-yum!!

# Do you like cats?
<img width="444" height="200" alt="Cat...." src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/21672df2-d59e-4a6d-aee1-3b89c9263627" />

Commit message:

Revise README for cross-platform support and editor choice
Updated tutorial compatibility information and added details about code editor support.

README.md, after:

<img width="2727" height="978" alt="KinemiumFull" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1792beb7-d877-453d-ab3f-2d86cd434239" />

[<img width="50" height="50" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/83c3a863-d290-487f-b073-fed9caa6832f" />
](https://discord.gg/7byuxfYtAP)
## Introduction
Kinemium Engine is an engine (duh) that imitates roblox's API Surface, this means you can develop roblox-style syntax in this engine and it will work normally!<br>
It was originally to test zune's capabilities on raylib, but now, it has expanded to a full on independent engine.

# Features
## Datatypes
- Axes
- BoundingBox
- BrickColor
- CFrame
- Color3
- Color4
- ColorSequence
- ColorSequenceKeypoint
- CustomPhysicalProperties
- NumberSequence
- NumberSequenceKeypoint
- Random
- Ray
- Region
- Spring
- UDim
- UDim2
- Vector2
- Vector3
- Enum
- Faces / NormalId
- Rect / Region3

## Core Services
- Debris
- GuiSelectionService
- HttpService
- Lighting
- LogService
- Players
- ReplicatedStorage
- RunService
- Selection
- ServerScriptService
- ServerStorage
- StarterGui
- TweenService
- UserInputService
- Workspace

## Kinemium Custom Services
*(All custom services start with Kinemium.)*
- KinemiumFFI
- KinemiumFontService
- KinemiumIconLoader
- KinemiumModService
- KinemiumPhysicsService
- KinemiumRaylib
- KinemiumShaderService

# That's cool.. But how do I use this?
Fortunately theres a tutorial:

- Clone the repo:
```git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/Qquaded/Kinemium-Engine.git```

- Get zune *(skip this step if you have it already installed.)*<br>
https://zune.sh/guides/install

- Run the engine<br>
```zune run game```<br>
*This tutorial works with both Linux and Windows, MacOS support is coming soon.*

# Preview
<img width="1919" height="1018" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65e18ea9-eb2b-4ab8-8836-cce0ae00236f" />
*yes that is 500 fps*

# How do I add scripts?
Once you clone the github repo, you will find a folder called ```sandboxed``` inside the engine *(src)*<br>
There are a set of predefined scripts in there as examples, but you can change any of them.

# Can I make my games have modding support?
Yes! there is a modding service called KinemiumModService (said up there)<br>
This lets you add mods to your game, and you can set the enviroment of your said mods!

# Can I code in another code editor instead of the native code editor?
Yes, there will be a menu where you can choose your preferred code editor, this will be added soon.

# Are you gonna disappear like Lunar Engine's developer?
No?

# How do I spell Kinemium?
Ki-nem-yum!!

# Do you like cats?
<img width="444" height="200" alt="Cat...." src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/21672df2-d59e-4a6d-aee1-3b89c9263627" />
